Version 1.6.1 (#3232)
Kotlin/kotlinx.coroutines: CHANGES.md

# Change log for kotlinx.coroutines

## Version 1.6.1

* Rollback of time-related functions dispatching on `Dispatchers.Main`.

>    This functionality was introduced in 1.6.0 and was found inconvenient and erroneous (#3106, #3113).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This behavior was introduced in 1.6.0 and then found inconvenient and erroneous (#3106, #3113).
```

> * Reworked newly-introduced `CopyableThreadContextElement` to solve uncovered issues after the initial release (#3227).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reworked the newly-introduced `CopyableThreadContextElement` to solve issues uncovered after the initial release (#3227).
```

> * Fixed a bug when `ThreadLocalElement` was not properly updated in racy scenarios (#2930).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug with `ThreadLocalElement` not being properly updated in racy scenarios (#2930).
```
Didn't see an established form "a bug when". "With", "where" are common. https://forum.wordreference.com/threads/fixed-the-bug-where-which-that-some-pictures-dont-show-up.3320349/ found a discussion with some other examples.

The same is true for some of the entries below.

> * Reverted eager loading of default `CoroutineExceptionHandler` that triggered ANR on some devices (#3190).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reverted eager loading of default `CoroutineExceptionHandler` that triggered ANR on some devices (#3180).
```
We're linking to the issue if one exists, right?

> * New API to convert `CoroutineDispatcher` to Rx scheduler (#968, #548). Thanks @recheej!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New API to convert a `CoroutineDispatcher` to an Rx scheduler (#968, #548). Thanks @recheej!
```
